Update installation docs to include additional roles needed in WI (#1457)
google/knative-gcp: README.md

choice.

1. [Installing Knative-GCP](./docs/install/install-knative-gcp.md)

> 1. [Installing Pub/Sub Enabled Service Account for the Data Plane](./docs/install/dataplane-service-account.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Installing a Service Account for the Data Plane](./docs/install/dataplane-service-account.md)
```

Reviewer: Remove "Pub/Sub Enabled" in all other places.
